I've been resting a long time and I've
always wrestled not to impress people
but to win it would be the best but I
was 10 years old or now 27 years old
match the air maybe for some not for
Davey Richards not for the American wolf
not then not now it'll be matching a
year when I wasn't built in Tyler does
he has a lot of heart you know Tyler
fought that night you know I hate him
with everything I had you know and kept
coming back and I knew he was gonna do
that you know and Teller sense of an
interview shortly after about being the
best in the world that I think really
showed me a lot of maturity he said you
know ring of honor is the best in the
world and i had a special place to me
because he's right you know i'm not
friends with Tyler I never have been
friends with Tyler but he's right you
know where your honors were the best in
the world were the best in the world and
that night Tyler was better than Davey
Richards viraja same person he's always
been a Rogerson athlete you know I feel
sorry for him that he's got involved
with this idiot you know but I know
Roger I knew for my NRC days you know
he's a fighter you know we only 20 min
chicago and i still stand after a battle
like that which before he would keep
coming and keep telling you were craving
he would live for he would learn from it
he was a wrestler he was a fighter and I
called five more minutes fully expecting
to get it because we you know that's
that's how we came up he accepted and I
just I don't understand I don't know if
that shows weakness or just complete
change of plea change of faith you know
maybe his face on in just actual
wrestling bill anymore maybe it's in
this new manager he's got
we'll find out you know you put a title
shot on the line that tells me something
so we find out firsthand
you